Zero audio
Hey
World
Hey World
Welcome once again to Hollywood, California, down down,
Conviction, the Nerdin' of Theater.
Harmontown is now in second.
Woo!
I am so happy that you, son of my Jesus, fill us in the
in not you.
Don't bring around the flowers.
Will you please welcome the stage, the mayor of Harmontown,
Mr. Dan Harmon.
Woo!
Hello, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Another record-setting crowd.
It was really hard to not tell you guys about the
community thing last week.
If you were here, I was sitting on that.
That was a sharp secret to sit on.
I'm not known for my secretiveness, secrecy.
Do you think if you had secretions?
Secretions.
I am known for various secretions.
You're primarily known for your secretions.
Yes.
Do you think that you said something last week that you
could have queered the deal in some way?
Raisist.
No, I just would have gotten yelled at by people whose job
is to do an unqueered deal.
My agent, publicist, you know, people, I would have made
their job harder by announcing, you know, there's
actors' deals closing, writers' deals closing, my deal
closing, blah, blah, blah.
I don't really know how the stuff works.
I just know that I get yelled at when I say too much,
too soon.
So what is the deal now?
What do we now have to say?
13 episodes on the inimitable Yahoo Network.
The home of great television.
Wait, wait, wait.
Not, Jeff, not since the Lycos, I Love Lucy merger,
has a search engine and a television show,
but so aptly paired.
What's your favorite Yahoo TV show?
I talked to the chief marketing officer, the CMO,
I didn't even know that was a thing, on the phone.
Is he Native American?
She is a very powerful woman, Jeff, who can crush us
with a phone call or a text message.
But why would they be Native American?
Your question just started.
Her name is chief marketing officer.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, boy.
Dan, there was much power in your TV show.
There was great magic in the op-ed character.
My viewership soars like a, like the spirit,
like the baby eagle leaving its nest.
Why is this okay?
Is it just because they're vanishing?
They're just, they have no chance of mounting a...
I think I'm empowering Native Americans by exalting them
to chief marketing executive.
No, I think it's fine, but I also, I mean,
compared to other things that aren't fine,
I'm just wondering, like, these poor...
I miss you old Dan who didn't care about any of that shit, man.
Oh, God, are you kidding me?
But I wouldn't survive this world.
The world has changed under our feet, bro.
The world has changed you, man.
You know, I mean, I've become super hyper-conscious of,
you know, I look back, like eight years ago,
I would just liberally, like, I don't know,
I would just, I was just, oh, man, I would,
I called my brother a fag on Twitter
because he said he loved his daughter.
That was, that was the beginning of my realization
that the world had changed because my brother tweeted,
I love my daughter so much, I was like,
I just replied fag.
And then, like, real responses from people going,
like, that's incredibly rude and tacky and hurtful
and a word that's been used to hurt people on playgrounds.
You, of all people, should know about bullying
and I was, I was catastrophed.
Well, we're gonna bring somebody up in a minute
that knows bigger words and how to use them.
So I'm not gonna enter his territory.
But I was...
Are you saying catastrophed is not an actual word?
I don't know, is it?
We'll find out when he comes up.
I was mortified, let's say that.
I was, I was, I didn't really,
I wasn't really looking at myself through that camera
so I do think I got healthier by some of this.
I also think that, you know,
the millennial outrage movement is, you know,
a neo-fascist one and that it's incredibly dangerous
to put so much value on words
because some of the worst people in the world
put value on language.
Some of the worst people in the world
are, pride themselves in their diplomacy
and use language to get away with horrible behavior.
So it's dangerous to focus so much energy
on cleansing the world of bad words
because you're gonna be in the same camp
as Snickers and the Pentagon.
What did you just say?
Catastrophied?
No.
Oh, Snickers and the Pentagon.
Yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
Jeff's racism unfurls like a mighty teepee flag.
Much hatred expressed in your language.
Keep going, baby.
I just, I love doing that accent, that voice is like,
I think it's like the same actor,
like that we're all doing when we do a Native American guy.
It's like, isn't it like a specific actor
that talks like this?
No?
We got our guest out, he might know.
Yeah.
It's Bert Lancaster.
Okay.
Shit, shit, one more thing before we start
the celebrity train rolling.
Fuck, fuck, god damn it.
It was right on the tip of my dumb 41-year-old
Swiss cheese brain.
No, no, I'm not.
Oh, yeah, I have some drunk voicemails
from the head of Yahoo.
It seems like a good idea.
Just to seal the deal.
God damn it.
Shit, shit, I totally forgot.
Oh, oh, I was on the plane.
Dino pointed this out.
He was quoting someone.
I feel like it was Louis C.K.
or somebody was talking about this.
All of the pilots, when they talk,
they're all doing like an impression of Chuck Yeager.
They don't even realize they're doing it.
They're talking the way they think airplane people
should talk right about now.
Look out your window, there's Topeka.
Who gives a fuck?
Those people need to shut the fuck up, man.
That's not new comedic territory.
The food's bad too and the peanuts are too small.
But I'm saying, it seems like every passing year
the pilots got more shit to say.
I'm telling you, I mean, I know you had to go
to school to do what you do, but you're pressing
three buttons and it's a flying tube.
And you just got to shut up.
You didn't go into broadcasting.
If that's your passion, if you want to talk to people,
I'm trying to play like Pokemons or something.
I refreshingly had a pilot who, to give you
a vocal approximation, Yosemite Sam.
He sounded like Yosemite Sam.
All right, everybody, just buckle on in.
We're going to go over to Rocky Mountains now.
He sounded like the instructions on Big Thunder Mountain
at Disneyland.
Keep your hands and arms inside the plane at all times.
Here's who wildest ride or no weirdness.
But he said, I saw him coming up.
We were in the jetway, the airway, the walkway
when you get on the fucker.
And he kept coming through, make a hole,
make a hole, I'm coming through.
And he's like, man, I got to get this paperwork right.
And he got on the plane, then came back out
and came back up the aisle.
We're all waiting to get on the plane.
He's like, we're not leaving until this paperwork is right.
We're not leaving.
Paperwork is wrong.
And he came back and he got on the plane and said,
we're like, this is our pilot.
He seems all right.
Then we get on and he goes, ladies and gentlemen,
we're going to go over to Rocky Mountains right now.
And I got some telemetry information.
The worst turbulence you've probably ever been through
in your life.
So I'm telling you all right now,
and I'm not trying to alarm anybody,
put your seatbelts on as tight as you can put them on
and keep them on until I tell you to not keep them on
because we're going to go through some bad turbulence.
And then he keeps saying, I'm not trying to alarm you.
I'm just saying this is no joke.
Then we went over to the Rockies and it was like,
if you didn't have your seatbelt on,
you would have had a broken neck.
And then he kind of smug and he's like,
well, I guess I wasn't fucking with you people.
What's that?
Looks like someone knows their air travel.
I'm the rootin' of students.
The pilot on my flight from Miami to Dallas,
I caught a glimpse of him.
You know how they do this thing?
They put the lunch wagon in front of the thing
to block the 9-11ers.
Because everything changed after 9-11.
Everything for us changed.
We have to take off our shoes.
We have to get naked.
We have to have rectal exams.
But when the pilot has to take a shit,
they put the fucking lunch wagon in front of the door.
Is it a literal lunch wagon?
What's that?
What are the cart?
The dessert cart.
Is the fine line between us and another national tragedy.
And so you always get to see the pilot
take those little drops of deuce or whatever.
And that guy came out.
I didn't even realize I had standards for pilot's wardrobe.
I really do like them.
I want them to look like military,
kind of really put together, tucked in and stuff.
This guy came out.
He had fucking, like, Oakley sunglasses balanced up
on top of his head, like a Jason Biggs character.
He had his shirt all unbuttoned.
He looked like Gary Bucey in a Bachelor movie from the 80s.
Like, it was just, like, the wingman,
like, kind of, no pun intended.
Like, the fratty, like, it was just like,
Jesus Christ, man, put out a fucking outfit
that looks like you can fly a plane.
I'm scared shitless over here.
Or that those safety videos, when they're on VHS
and the shit's all wobbly.
There's exits over there.
And it's like, you can't get your TV to work.
And you're in charge of my body being 30,000 feet above.
I know they're not connected, but there's, I'm alarmed.
And I said under my breath, because they were the flight attendants,
it took two of them to push the CRT TV
back into the ceiling of the thing
after a ridiculous, like, Gremlins era tape played,
that I think there were flashes,
like, there was shit that had been recorded over it at one point.
And then they accidentally taped over the hole.
And I was like, you'd get that reference if you were my age.
But they fucking shoved the TV back in
and it took two of them, they couldn't get it.
And I unconsciously said,
this is not something you should say in an airplane.
I'm a bad person for saying this,
but I just blurted out, we're all gonna die.
And God bless his heart, the flight attendant,
he said, don't say that.
And I was like, oh fuck.
But then it's like, it's true eventually, but not today.
He was a delight.
I mean, if I was a flight attendant and somebody in first class
was like, we're all gonna die, you know,
and looking like me and sitting next to Dino,
like a couple of drunk Sasquatches,
like, I'm surprised I kicked off the plane,
but he made me happy.
I felt like, okay, so the TV's shitty,
but this guy, maybe he can save us if shit goes bad.
You said only that you don't want to fly anymore?
You're through flying?
Well, I just get fucking scared.
I feel like I'm playing with statistics.
I know it doesn't make any sense.
You're safer than if you go in a car or whatever.
But when you're in a car,
your life isn't being controlled by people that feel like
they might as well be working at a phone store.
They're strangers, and they have their rules,
and it's just like, these are the last people,
these are the people you're gonna die with,
and it just really freaks me out.
I'm a control freak.
I don't like doctors, I don't like airplanes.
And I'm not backing down on this position.
I think they should be outlawed.
Doctors and airplanes, these people die.
The last person you see is a doctor before you die, usually.
How come if doctors are so smart, how come they don't live longer?
Why is there no study that says doctors live longer on average?
I'll tell you why, because it's all fucking guesswork.
It's all bullshit.
Listen to this.
How come they can't take care of that?
What's going on down here?
Fix it.
Harry Potter, Dumbledore,
get out your fucking broomstick and get in there and fix it.
Oh, we can't, yeah, you can't, I can't either.
Except your dad was rich, it's the only difference.
Come on, we gotta get it, let's get out our friends.
You wanna pick first?
Yeah, well I think we should bring Mr. Greg Poops out first.
Hello, Gregory.
Hi, hello everybody.
Sorry, I didn't take too long, I didn't keep you waiting, did I?
No, no, we were having a lovely discussion backstage
about how airline travel is the safest way to travel.
A stagecoach is more vulnerable to turbulence.
Greg, tell Dan about our flight on Air Macedonia.
Okay, so we were playing in Kosovo because our career is on fucking fire.
I think when you play a place known for genocide and mass graves, fucking comedy.
They say you play Kosovo on the way up and on the way down.
It was great to be back.
What's the origin of that bit?
Oh, golly, I don't know, I've used it for a thousand years.
So we get up at pre-dawn and we leave from Skopje and Macedonia where we're staying at the Holiday Inn.
I had my laundry done there and I can still smell the detergent 11 years later.
I don't know if pink has a scent, but it did in Macedonia.
And so we pitch this up to the airport and it's bright black out and we have coffee and whatnot.
Pre-dawn.
And like the Radon and Tebi, thank you.
By the way, the drives, I don't know if any of you have just taken a ride through Kosovo recently or ever.
Do you like filth?
Do I just?
We were going through it and we were like, it's bleak and it's sad and it's poverty and it's not Calcutta,
but it's very bleak and sad.
And we couldn't quite put a finger on it and someone pointed out, there's a thing that you don't notice yet.
There are no birds.
There's no wildlife there because there's that many unexploded landmines.
And no dogs at all.
You once in a while you'll see a dog, but occasionally in the middle of the night you're, boom,
and a dog like fly over your head.
Oh, come on.
That's not real.
Oh, yeah, now there's so much unexploded ordinance there.
But you guys never saw a dog fly over your head.
That's all I'm saying.
Every morning, right before sausages.
Boom.
Boom, and you'd be like, oh, fuck.
You know what, would you give me some more banana milk?
So we go on to the tarmac and there's no security as such, right?
Your bags are on the tarmac.
We're there doing a USO tour show, so this is well after 9-11.
We're performing for the troops in and around Afghanistan and stuff.
And so you're required to point at your bag to identify that that's your bag.
And that's some total of the fucking right.
Like you point and they go, okay, get on.
So the plane is battered, dented, has graffiti on it, misspelled.
It says air Macedonian in Macedonian letters, right?
In Greek letters, complete.
There was peeling duct tape on a part of it.
And Sean Masterson is with us because like, I don't know about this aircraft.
I'm like, don't worry, it'll be fine.
We get in first class and we take stuff.
And there's no, you know how you were saying the lunch wagon, which I love,
because I love the 50s.
I couldn't think of the word cart.
My brain is dying.
If it's a lunch wagon, I'm ordering a tuna salad and macaroni and cheese.
I lost the word cart.
It's a senior moment.
There's no door on the cockpit. You know how that on like a U.S. air or whatever,
they'll have like a sealed door with a bar across it, like, you know,
Frankenstein's lair or whatever.
This was Macedonia, no door at all.
As soon as we take off the pilots turn to each other and light up smokes and start talking.
And they never look at the road the whole fucking time, right?
Smoking, fucking smoking cigarettes.
Facing 90 degree angles, like not looking out the window.
Oh, no, like this. This is the view you're seeing.
You're looking in the cockpit.
And they're talking. Then we get over fucking Amsterdam and you hear beep, beep, beep.
The autopilot goes off and they go, fuck, and put out their smokes.
Sean Massison in our group.
He's a nervous Nellie friend of ours who's lovely.
And he calls the flight attendant over.
Oh, by the way, the best food in the world.
What was it for breakfast?
Stale bread, Turkish coffee, olives, yogurt, feta cheese and honey.
Yeah, it was awesome. It was really good.
It was really awesome.
And the flight attendant comes over.
We were starving.
The flight attendant comes over and Sean's like, are they supposed to be smoke talking?
Shouldn't they be looking at the road?
The road.
And she goes, they like to watch.
They like to look at the party happening back in the face of us.
What are you going to see with a plane?
What are you going to steer around a mountain?
Yes. Precisely.
I mean, I think they know the routes by now.
There's no mountains on that route.
Close the door and put the cigarette out.
I loved it, man.
I really wanted to go up there and have a drink with them.
What do you guys drink?
Uso and shit? Let's do the song.
When I was a kid, like late 70s, we've fled to Hawaii as little kids.
Every man on the plane wore a suit.
Every woman wore a dress and everybody smoked.
Everybody smoked.
As soon as you were up in the air, everybody lit up.
And every armrest had an ashtray in it.
I remember smoking. You could still smoke at international flights when I was still a smoker.
That would become the rule.
I remember smoking on a plane going to Mexico.
Such a weird memory to have.
And there was a smoking section.
You could smoke at the back.
You're on a tube.
Our whole attitude about smoking, I remember it changing around me.
And I remember being pissed at my friends.
They were asking me to not smoke in their apartments.
I was entitled to fucking smoke in their apartment.
My brain had to shift.
Again, the world's changing, man.
This cigarette stuff.
And not for the better.
If this was the old days, we'd all be doing blow and smoking right here in this room, man.
If this was a 70s podcast, and those would have been awesome.
Because we'd have had lots of pubic hair, and Elliot Gould would have been the special guest.
That was all that, like Dick Cavett and stuff.
Before talk shows became profitable.
Before they became a way to plug things and stuff.
It was just like, okay, the national anthem is going to start in a little bit.
But while you fall asleep, here's John Lennon drinking with Truman Capote.
Talking about how high he is.
And it's just quiet.
Long pauses and just one shot, one camera.
That's what podcasting is now.
Listen to us.
That's what I love about podcasting.
Who could have predicted in this world of increasing bandwidth and shrinking attention spans
that there would be an art form where people listen to people babble for two hours.
I love that you think it's an art form.
I think that's fantastic.
I feel elevated.
I thought I was just a hacky road comic running out the last stretch of my fucking golden years.
What we used to call radio.
I think a glass of milk is a hard form.
No, I think it is an art form.
And I think you're right, because we don't have parameters.
Until all the shit hits the fan, but we won't get into that.
He went through a phase because you didn't have commercials.
Then you did. Now you don't again, right?
I don't know if I do or not. I don't listen to all of my show.
Because I find myself repetitive.
I feel like the drunk that's been cornered at the party,
the guy's telling you the same story for the 50th time.
That's what I feel like my podcast is.
I'm really weirdly selective about which ones episodes of this show I listen to.
There's ones that I just wanted.
I was drunk and sloppy and hate myself.
I don't want to hear about the World Cup anymore.
I love the World Cup.
We have a lot to talk about.
Well, let's not do it.
The Costa Rica game.
Did anyone see the football-loving chicken?
That's Costa Rica's mascot, Doc and San Jose.
That was the best part of the entire World Cup.
Big, I'll warn you, last time a fancy guy in a suit
shouted us down about talking about sports at the podcast.
Oh, I forgot. We're talking about sports at a comic book store.
That's like talking about pussy at a comic book store.
It's something that's only been discussed.
Oh, I see. You're sensitive.
That's fantastic.
I want to know when you develop taste.
When did that weird moment occur?
I was here at the beginning and I watched you,
and now all of a sudden, wow.
Yeah, okay.
The two guys who are the British guys who do the horrible ESPN,
because before I thought Alexi Lawless was just kind of inane,
but now I openly hate Alexi Lawless.
I like Alexi Lawless.
Do you really? I find him...
I'm smug, but I don't think I'm smug.
I think I'm contentious.
No, you're imperious.
I am imperious, but I admit it.
But Alexi Lawless gets like,
the American team didn't...
You're like, fuck you.
You were a midfielder and you sucked balls, okay?
I saw you in the 90, 94.
I saw all the fucking World Cups you were in, bro-hom.
And this team's better than any American team you were on.
I will always find it fascinating that you,
like an erudite, kind of pedagogue...
Sissy.
That you are a huge sports fan.
This guy loves baseball more than anybody you've ever met.
Well, again, baseball...
Did you guys ever see the movie like Bull Durham or whatnot?
That's what baseball is.
Or Major League 3, Back to the Miners,
which is the best title for a movie in the history of mankind.
Because if it's Major League 3, how can it be Back to the Miners?
You fucked yourself with the title.
That meeting was the worst meeting that ever happened in Hollywood?
I actually never even thought about that.
You can't be an alien for no alien this time.
What do you mean Back to the Miners?
It's Major League. The movie's called Major...
There's other movies that do that.
What are other titles that did that?
Bad News Bears. It's all good news.
This isn't an example of that,
but there was the sequel to that Open Water.
Remember Open Water 2?
The unspoken subject. I don't know sharks this time.
We got rid of the sharks because water's scary enough.
You can drown in it.
And it's wet.
You're so uncomfortable.
If you tread it for an hour, you'll get tired and then you can die.
I have a cramp. I ate a tuna sandwich too soon before this happened.
It was like watching one of those hands-on-a-heart-body competitions.
You're just watching people slowly drown.
Anyways, why don't we keep the guests free?
Let's bring out soccer expert Kumeil Nagyari!
We got a lot of heat for the soccer talk last week.
Well, it was pretty, I mean, it was...
After a point, we had covered it.
It was just you asking over and over again,
why can't there be a countdown, like a clock?
Why can't they pause the clock?
And I actually got it after listening to it.
Well, we got to do it again because now we're talking about the thing
that we talked about for way too long.
But I just want to say I do get it now.
I get it because it's like the people fall down.
I think it's a sport that has...
its league has more integrity than American sports.
Because they're like all...
They're all amazing actors.
If you do this, they're like, oh, my face fell off!
Porche! Porche! Mama!
Foulton Himmel!
I literally saw one where two guys' calves gently grazed each other
and they laid on the ground clutching their faces for two minutes.
What they don't know is that...
I don't think that these guys have figured out the fact
that there are nine million cameras in my definition on them.
Also, there are 20 cameras at least that have that perfect slow-mo.
So when you get hit, there's a guy that kind of...
A foot came up and grazed the back of a guy's head
and he crushed his nose, which is clearly bullshit.
But when you bite him slow-mo, it's hilarious.
Well, maybe his brain came and hit the nose.
I hope.
I think that that guy who bit...
My favorite was the guy who bit the other guy
and then got kicked out of the World Cup.
Suarez.
Yeah, Suarez, who's one of the best players in the world, apparently.
I like bit... I like...
Chewy Lewis.
Oh, Huffington Post, because they played the Italians
who are called the Azuri, the blues in Italian.
They're called the blues because they always wear blue.
The Huffington Post article was Chewy Lewis and the Blues.
Wait.
Lewis Suarez.
Oh, his name is Lewis.
You know what? I thought that was dumb.
And now that I know it's for instance Lewis...
No, it's a home run. It's a home run.
It's a home run.
The best newspaper published in the world.
But he, when he...
I thought it was so ballsy when he bit the guy.
He laid down being like, I hurt my teeth, too.
Like, he was like...
What he did, he went in and fucking...
Well, I have one less bullet in my gun, so...
I got robbed, in a sense.
He jumped in and nose for a rot to Kealini for me at the time.
And he probably did almost hurt his teeth
on an athlete's shoulder.
Like, you can't just go higher.
Did you notice that he bit the Italian team?
No one bit the Russians.
You know what I mean?
You bite the Russians, you're like, this is a cabbage.
You bite the Italian team, you're like...
Mascarpone.
Oh, my God.
This is delicioso.
It's filled with butter and...
Mocopane.
In Russia, soccer bite you.
Is this true, Anatoly?
Grinito with fucking Mascarpone on top.
Soccer recognized soccer.
Oh, my God.
God damn it, we talked about sports again.
We're talking about how delicious Italian people taste.
Okay.
I will say...
Italian taste like spirit of eagle.
It's Jay Silverheels.
That's the actor.
Is that the actor?
Jay Silverheels.
Hey, that's what I meant.
Who's the actor?
Jay Silverheels.
Can you play Tonto?
Here you go.
Mm, Kimosabe.
Many miles to next stop.
Gee, Tonto, I wonder...
Might we run into some hostiles along the way?
Many hostiles, Kimosabe.
Was he trying to fuck the Lone Ranger?
Yes.
Like Batman and Robin, there was an alter universe
where the Lone Ranger and Tonto, I think, were a deep couple.
Are you saying this character is sort of like
up who is for my people?
Except for my people, the guy is...
It's a white guy.
We couldn't even get one of our own to sell out our whole race.
Let me explain something to you.
White people can do a lot of voices.
It's what we really excel at, genetically, is racism.
Do you remember Peter Lawrence as Mr. Motto?
We loved him.
Non-whites.
Warner Oland as Charlie Chan.
Mickey Rooney in Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Oh man, such a beautiful Asian accent.
He's like a ballerina.
It's just a shame that there were no Asian actors in Hollywood at that time.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, that is amazing to watch.
How far we've come in a little...
Okay, we won't talk about soccer, but I won't talk about soccer.
I'll say about planes and smoking.
One of my weirdest memories.
This is kind of a weird story, so you have to sort of be okay with that.
I forget where I was flying, but I was flying somewhere with my family.
And there was a smoking section in the back of the plane.
And while I was on the way to the bathroom, this guy sort of...
And I was like eight, started talking to me.
It's just a weird story.
Is this a flight around Pakistan?
No, it's second in the national flight, but I don't remember how long.
Probably just Singapore, so it's probably about three hours.
So this guy befriends me, and he's like,
here, come sit next to me.
This is already a weird story.
That's already the weirdest thing that's ever happened on a plane.
No, it's no good.
Have you been to the launch wagon yet?
The launch wagon is blocking the captain's...
Hankas area?
So I actually have lunch, or maybe some chapattis.
The plural of chapatti is chapatti,
but it's impressive that you knew the word.
Pack-a-snap.
You did not just pack-a-snap me.
I'm going to bang your fucking deshi back.
That just derailed the whole episode.
Pack-a-snap.
I feel I'm on soon.
Coming on, I feel I'm on soon.
Coming on.
So this guy, I sit next to him, and he's drinking,
and I didn't know anybody who drank then.
Wait, you were eight?
Yeah, and also nobody drank in Pakistan,
but this guy was Pakistani way older than me,
and he was like, here, try this whiskey.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I'm telling you, it's a weird story.
Holy shit.
So my mom came and was like, what the fuck?
And she grabbed me and went up,
and then the next time I was going to the bathroom,
she's like, hey, just, he was like, hey, sit with me again.
Sit with me.
I don't know, and I was like, I didn't know how to say no.
Wait, is he crossed the aisle for me?
No, he's like in a different section.
So I'm like probably like 40 rows in front of him,
and then there's like curtains,
and then the smoking section, he's in the smoking section.
So I'm going to the bathroom again,
and he's like, all right, sit with me.
So I sat with him again, my mom came and got me,
and I run very clearly, my mom took me up
with me where she was like, hey,
sometimes people want to do bad things to children,
and I remember being like, me?
Like I was like, this predator wanted to prey on me?
Wait, oh, you were flattered?
I was flattered.
I was like, little old me?
I was going to get preyed on?
I wasn't sure about the shirts.
I didn't know.
You're wrong, mom, I am beautiful.
I said, you tweeted a picture of yourself
around that age,
and you looked so much like Milhouse from The Simpsons.
It was adorable.
That was when I was like four.
That was great.
From like seven to like 18 was a real bag of trash.
So this guy, so you needed this validation?
No, no, I came at the perfect time.
I was all confident for a little while after that.
You were walking with a swagger through a baggage plane?
A truck to demand with whiskey?
Yeah, I don't need you little girls like me.
I have grown men who are into me.
Aaron and I were just watching the Roger Ebert documentary.
Is it tough to watch?
Because I think that guy is amazing.
It's really hard to watch because he's a great guy,
and therefore you should watch it.
No, it's not hard.
It's inspiring because something terrible is happening
to a person that doesn't deserve it
and coping with that and watching him
just fucking charge headlong into oblivion
with a, you know,
I was going to say with a smile on his face
and then I ran through all these fucking...
Yeah, I'm sorry.
That's how my brain works and what happened.
Thank you for proving that I was right
to have vapor lock for a second.
But it's a good documentary that will...
Yeah, it's a nice...
Watch it.
The relationship between Siskel and Ebert,
there's a story that Siskel's wife tells.
I think those kids really...
I thought when I was a kid growing up watching these guys,
I was like, well, they hate each other.
That's what's for sale, but it's kind of an act.
It's like Ernie and Bert, which is true,
but they also really did hate each other.
They really did?
They really hated each other,
but they also loved each other.
That part of the documentary is also very touching,
but it's way more so,
like the more important part of the documentary
is Ebert's relationship with his wife
and it's a tear bringer.
I think it might be...
Not a joker?
Much tears run.
Right, there's a tear bringer.
There's a story in it. Siskel's wife tells.
How many tears have you brought?
Even the airplane theme of the story.
Siskel and Ebert are on an airplane flying somewhere
and Siskel is tired of listening to Ebert.
This sounds like a good joke.
Talk of Siskel's life.
So he's going to fuck it up.
Ebert's telling the same story.
Siskel doesn't want to hear it anywhere,
so Siskel gets a napkin and writes a note on it that says,
Mr. Ebert, we're here in the cockpit.
We found out you're on the plane.
We admire you much more than that other guy.
We really agree with your movie reviews more than his
and it would be an honor if you would join us in the cockpit.
We'll just talk about movies with us for a while.
So I gave the note, had the flight attendant hand Ebert the note.
Ebert goes bounding down the aisle.
He starts pounding on the cockpit door.
It's so funny.
And then everyone's like, what the fuck is this fat guy doing?
He's trying to destroy the plane and Siskel calls out from his seat.
He just yells out, Mr. Ebert, we're in the cockpit.
He yells out the first line of the letter.
That's how the story ends.
This is an airplane theme.
There's a great article that Ebert wrote
because he lost his lower jaw to...
So he couldn't eat, so he was on tubes and stuff.
He wrote this wonderful article about how he experiences food now,
how he looks at pictures of food and recalls wonderful meals he's had
and he's like, don't feel sorry for me.
I'm still having that experience and he talks about his best meals
as a guy who will never taste again.
It's really, really fantastic.
It's a real tear-breaker. It's really great.
The end of his life is one of the most inspiring chapters of it
because he very quickly adopted the blogging lifestyle
because he became like right up to the finish line.
He was like one of the coolest bloggers and tweeters
and kind of amazing.
Not only can you not fear death,
but you can actually get some of your better shit done right before it,
when you're staring at the face, kind of cool,
but also really fucked up because why, Harold Ramos,
why Roger Ebert, why do bad things happen to people that we admire?
So many thoroughbreds when there's so many we could spare down here.
Let's bring out a couple's therapy veteran and love of my life, Erin McGathy.
I've got to try once, I've got to try once, only if I want to, right, son.
Like it's juicy, juicy, and you'll see I'm gonna have my pride, son.
The gang's all back.
I don't even have to say anything.
We've got so many bright, shining superstars up here,
all of you bringing your own brand of rye stuff to the thing.
And then it should just be silence for two minutes.
Camille's story about the alcohol reminded me...
I didn't try alcohol, by the way, so bomb, if you're listening.
I also did not fuck that man.
Although he did go to the bathroom two times at least on a three-hour flight,
so whatever.
Yeah, I was hydrating a lot.
We would be flying at an altitude of 35,000 feet.
Isn't it weird that we can poop on planes?
You would think that they would throw that out there.
I've never pooped on a plane.
You've never pooped on a plane?
It's like the first thing I do.
For real?
Yeah, as soon as the...
I know, I don't...
I'm literally shitting where you were.
I don't know what it is.
Wait, for real, you really get on a plane and immediately have to take a shit?
Yeah.
You have that weird thing where you eat and food pushes poop out of your body.
I'm like a play-doh fun factory.
Yours is just a straight line?
Yeah, if I eat a salty cracker, I will poop a salty cracker's worth of poop.
I know it's not the cracker, but that's the illusion that's created.
It feels like I eat and then it turns into poop and like a Polaroid camera comes out.
It really...
It's as if I'm really proud of it.
I think it's something that I might...
Like you're an earthworm?
Yeah, my regularity is like actually...
Startling.
It's in a world where there's lots of things that could go wrong with you.
You're comfortable getting...
At 6 foot 4, going into a lavatory on a plane is a terrible experience because to get...
If I want to go pee on a plane...
What do you guys want to do later?
Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead.
I was telling a story, Greg.
Scoops, do you want a drink?
Sure.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt the podcast.
Can we talk about...
Her name is Scoops?
Yeah.
I have an issue with us because you hear us call each other.
Scoops?
I mean, I guess I don't have an issue.
I guess I like it.
Every time we call each other a pet name.
Dan, you've noticed this.
Scoops, Scoops.
Jeff goes,
Scoops?
Every time you want to have...
It's Scoops though, right?
It's Scoops or Scoops or Shoeb or Shuber or Tony Shaluber.
Or Kubrama.
Yeah, that's my thing.
It's a moving term.
So I always feel like...
I thought it was Scoops but now it's Scoops.
Dan, which did our pet name be in front of Jeff?
Barack Kubrama.
All right.
That's awesome.
I've always...
It always seems to be slightly moving so I can't...
It's not just Scoops or Scoops.
Yeah, it's always a long line of...
Why don't we all call each other Coops and Pooms?
Really?
Call each other Coops?
No, he calls me Coops and I call him...
Oh, Coops.
Oh, I see how.
Yeah.
So you get derailed.
Yeah, you were telling me that.
Yeah, you always think something about...
I was actually...
I felt blessed that I was derailed.
Because it's just a story about you taking a shit on a plane.
No, I thought...
When Camille was talking about that man offering you whiskey or whatever...
Yeah, thank you.
It was...
Jesus juice.
I had a...
I was thinking about...
My mind was...
I was thinking about plane rides and I grew up in a Navy family.
So we lived in Italy for a while and when we lived in Italy,
the adults of my life were other chaplains that my dad knew
because my dad was a chaplain, which is like a preacher in the military.
I didn't know that.
Oh, really?
Wow.
Yeah.
And on any base, there's only one chaplain per faith.
So my dad was friends with a rabbi and the others.
Oh, so...
What a coward.
Oh, yeah.
A rabbi, a priest and the right one walking through...
And I had a...
So were all your dad's stories, did this sound like jokes?
Yeah, they're always...
Two Jews walk into a temple.
So I had a baby sitter who came over twice and would play old maid with me
and he was another chaplain.
But then we were telling the story and I remember...
And I don't...
I've never thought of this before and never talked about it
and this does not end in weird touching.
But I had a converse... I was like nine years old
and I was talking to him about my parents' instant coffee
and I was saying, it's so strange.
My parents drink this drink that doesn't taste like other drinks
and it smells strange and it's really weird.
And he gave me brandy.
He was like, do you know what this is?
What this thing is?
Is this a rabbi?
This was actually a priest.
But like...
Oh, Erin, I wonder if you'll be looking over here at the joystick.
But he...
This is called cough syrup.
It'll make the journey so gentle.
My father and I have never talked about this.
This is called a man candy.
He was chaplain Nate.
And I knew that like we stopped...
Chaplain Nate was the one who tried to give you brandy.
...tried to give me brandy.
He stopped babysitting for me because I told my dad that chaplain...
that I was going to marry chaplain Nate.
And you ended up kind of doing just that.
Are you a chaplain, Nate?
Yeah, because I'm an alcoholic. It was a joke.
Yeah, I got it.
Sorry.
This story is not funny. We're good.
No, it's troubling.
Yeah, yeah.
I tell you, it's funny.
When he came over, we played Old Maid.
I sat on his...
Cough.
Wow. Hollywood Squares.
I like to think that you thought...
If you're going to...
If you're going to pause...
How's that Jeff Davis to block?
If you're going to say...
I sat on his and then paused.
Someone's going to say something.
I think it's so funny.
No answer is good. Except for shoes.
You thought that's what Old Maid was.
And then ten years later, you're like,
Let's play Old Maid.
And people are like,
Oh, this is not what Old Maid is.
And I'm like, Cough.
These are the synoptic gospels.
Okay, so you were sitting on his...
We would sit on his lap and we would play Old Maid together.
And then we would have...
How old are you at this point?
Nine.
Pretty old Maid.
What is Old Maid?
It's a really old Maid.
Old Maid is like, yeah.
Yeah.
It had pictures instead of suits.
Yes.
And the point of the game is to not end up with the old woman who's alone.
It's a positive message.
Is that the theme of Western society or what?
There are all these space cards.
The barber and the veterinarian.
And then there's the Old Maid who no one loves
and you don't want to end up with her.
Woman's only value is to give her body for reproductive purposes.
But one day...
I am the sexist Indian.
I can get away with it.
I'm vanishing.
And I know...
I hate women.
I know nothing happened and that doesn't make it okay.
But there's a reason why I never saw him again.
Did you tell your dad that you sat on his lap and played Old Maid?
Yeah.
And that he was going to be my husband someday.
I don't know.
I can't remember.
The brandy thing is a memory that has...
You're not sure if that's real.
No, I know that's real.
I know that's real.
When I was 11, I was headlining at the fountain blue in Miami Beach.
An older man came up to me.
He was Jewish and he gave me a bottle of Mogan David.
We played Kabbalah all night long.
You can play Kabbalah?
Who in my day?
Is it Kabbalah that religion?
I guess it's a game to Greg.
There was a game called Kabbalah in the old days.
I'm just being a wieness now.
I don't actually have a story.
I think that was a good call on Aaron's dad's part.
Hell yeah.
But it also seems kind of tragic because I'm also projecting on to this guy.
Like, I don't think he met you any harm.
I will say I'm not...
It's not a dangerous situation.
The facts sound dangerous and weird.
They're good at making it not seem dangerous.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why did you want to marry him?
Sorry?
Do we allow talking for this?
It's jarring for the...
One of the audience asked why a nine-year-old me wanted to marry him.
Audience?
Because he gave you attention.
Greg, easy. Easy, Greg.
He was a man.
When you're a child, you don't really understand what marriage is.
I wasn't really turned on by anything.
I also wanted to, quote-unquote, marry my dentist.
I wanted to marry the mailman.
There's a man who collected stray dogs outside of our house
and I was going to marry him.
Why would you marry my mom?
I told my mom I wanted to marry her.
Was this before or after you asked if she thought you were handsome?
I did that when I was like 20.
Mom, am I good looking?
I'm afraid to ask other people...
You were 20 when the...
No, I was like probably 17.
34.
Is there a good age to ask your mom if you're hot?
But I think there's a healthy...
Kids want to marry their opposite sex parent if they're straight.
They have a right to be gay as well.
God damn it.
The kids go through this...
By the way, congratulations, Indiana.
And fuck gay rights.
Where was it? Indiana and Utah?
And they just overturned the thing as unconstitutional.
Good job. Gay points for me.
You just negated everything you said.
How many gay points do you currently have right now?
Someone's chair broke on the audience.
Oh, shit.
They're weak chairs.
You probably didn't want me to call attention to that.
Godzilla?
Those chairs are alone.
It happens all the time.
There's some old ones in there still and they break all the time.
When my family moved from Italy to the United States, I had chicken pox.
And you're not allowed to travel with chicken pox, but my parents are so sick of Italy.
I have this memory of my mom.
In my memory, she's beating me.
But...
It probably wasn't her beating me, but she put makeup all over my face.
Didn't tell me what was going on, but...
Were you guys doing the bus and truck company of Godspell on the way home?
Thank you. That was for me and for the Illuminati.
Pedestrians, take a seat.
Thank you. I know you did. You have Asperger's.
My parents...
You're not allowed to take a child with chicken pox onto an international flight.
Of course you're not.
My parents put makeup all over my 10-year-old face.
She doesn't have chicken pox. She's a mime.
She's Elizabeth Taylor.
She's in a Kabuki theater company.
She's Joan Crawford.
Yeah.
The Mikado opens in two nights.
She's just sexy.
I wore my mother's scarves so I could wrap them around my face.
I had no idea what was going on.
I see a little baby with a lot of makeup and scarves around their face.
All right!
I'd rather have a baby with chicken pox on the plane.
Okay.
So hopefully no one got sick on that flight.
That's the end of the story.
So why did you guys go from Italy?
Texas.
Your parents were so bored that they went from Italy to Texas?
No.
My dad was getting his master's.
My dad was getting his master's
degree at a seminary in Texas for nine months.
Boring answer.
Don't you guys think that we should get some feedback about all of this?
From Dungeon Master, Spencer Crinton.
Yes!
It's exciting.
Welcome, Spencer. How are you doing, my brother?
I'm doing pretty good.
I mean, I'm good.
Who babies at you?
I don't know.
I think there's this one girl.
A calculator.
I babysat mostly.
I'm sorry.
I want to hear about how much you loved your baby center.
Did you notice, is this tablecloth a little fancier?
They've been really fancying up the room here.
Yeah.
Other than the chairs that explode when people sit on it.
The audience doesn't get to anything fancy.
But Jeff's podium is...
We're still calling in the audience, huh?
Love and proletarian, I'd say.
The Hoi Ploi.
Yeah.
Anyways, so did you ever ask your mom to marry you?
No.
I was wondering about that.
I don't think so, but you know,
I did get inappropriate situations
with adults.
All right.
Let's hear about one.
Top 10.
Number 10.
Vaughn's parking lot.
I went to...
My grandparents live up north in Northern California,
and we went to visit them.
Ferndale?
Loyalty was where it was.
And there was just some random
kind of state fair.
What do you call them? A fair, a carnival.
Yeah.
There were surprises and rides and attractions,
and everyone was like having a good time.
And I went to try and win one of those,
you know, monkeys, and I won it
because I could knock off a ball,
or I could knock a bottle
with a ball
off of a platform, I guess.
Tell us more about this game.
So you have a bottle...
I'm unclear on the rules.
Is there a timer? Do you press pause?
I'm unclear on the physics.
I like it. Can you use your hands?
I think there's sand.
It makes it harder.
Anyway, I got a monkey,
and the lady who's the carny,
and, you know, don't trust ladies
when you're a kid.
Don't trust carneys either.
But I got this monkey,
and she's like, you know,
you can bring your monkey into my jungle anytime.
And I was like...
How are you? I'm nine.
Well, did you?
Did you bring your monkey into her jungle?
No.
Did you celebrate her papaya with your mango?
No, but I did peel her banana.
She had a banana? That was no lady.
That's no lady, my friend.
You're telling me.
How old was this lady?
You know, old. Old enough
to set off a long-held prejudice
against old people.
Too old for a nine-year-old boy.
Yeah, definitely.
All right, what's the next one?
Do you have a beard? I know.
You're trying to picture a nine-year-old Spencer,
and you can't picture him without a beard.
I picture Spencer just shorter
holding a matchbox car.
I picture him wearing a little rascal's beard,
like a fake beard
that hooks over the ears.
Blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah,
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
He didn't need glasses yet,
but he made them out of cardboard.
Give me more stories.
This is not even an appropriate question,
but did she
think she was attractive?
No, I don't think attractive people
do stuff like that, right?
I don't know.
I think that's bigotry.
That's probably very attractive
pedophiles out there.
You'd make a great cop, Spencer.
Pull over all the ugly people.
They've been diddling someone.
He's too hot
to molest.
I think you'll find people with money
don't commit crimes.
Move along, nothing to see here.
All right, next story, Spencer.
We're going down your
10 molestation brushes
of the 20th century.
I don't think I have
any more molestation stories.
Oh, that's the only one?
Yeah.
We shouldn't be disappointed.
I'm just rooting for the underdog.
Do you want to go faster?
They always
want to be just kept going to carnivals
and having weird interactions with people.
I worked at a carnival for a weekend.
It's terrible.
What did you do?
Three balls for a dollar.
Yeah, that's the game that I won.
It was so confusing in my explanation.
You said you were knocking milk
cans off of a platform.
Oh, you do it.
And the trick is that the hole
in the top is exactly
the size of the ball.
It's possible to...
If people say, I think this is rigged,
you can demonstrate that it's not
with a very careful orchestrated
motion that I had to be taught to me
by a carny,
where you shove the ball straight down
and it'll go right into the thing.
You are me and not good at being a carny.
And so it says,
I think that's rigged and you go to do that.
It bounces off of it
and through the top of the tense
and everyone rolls into the hole.
I want to talk to you about the...
Yeah, I mean, no, it's a...
I don't know, it's not technical.
Because if you...
If you hit it here by like...
Go again, go again.
Go again.
That impression makes me so hot.
It's like you're...
It's horrible.
There's more stutter when you play it.
You finally get to have sex with yourself, Dan.
We finally found a role-play game.
You be me and I'll be me.
Knock my milk bottle off this platform
with your balls.
Get your monkey in my jungle.
Hey, Greg Pips, do you have any advice
for young, very young couples
like myself and Erin?
I do.
Then they're about to get hitched.
Well, I've been married a long time now
and I think you'll find, Dan,
that you need to understand two things
about being a man and a marriage.
One, it's almost inevitable that whatever you've done
is unbelievably erroneous.
And then you have to understand
that your deficiencies are legion.
There is no point in time
where you're going to go,
I fucking win.
Nor is it advisable for you
at any point to decide to win
an argument and or a scrimmage
and or a skirmish and or a battle
and or a war.
It's a very long road
and it's best you'll find,
I believe, for young couples
starting out on this,
this giant golden journey
to the Emerald City.
Mutual respect
for everything the other one does.
In other words, when they come home and go,
I had the hardest day today and you go,
really, I fucking did this.
That's not a big win.
That is
a truck that rolls into the
you know, the lay by
and bursts into flames.
So I would defer is what I'm saying.
Greg, do you do this all the time?
Is that the secret to your happy marriage?
No, I haven't learned it after 30 years.
But I'm just giving you this tip.
How long have you been married?
A while now.
1990.
But your relationship is an inspiration
to listeners of your podcast
because you have so much respect for you.
You refer to your wife as formidable.
Well, and she is.
She's smarter than me. She's better looking than me.
And she's funnier than me.
So I have to keep her
locked up in a closet
almost all the time.
Have you guys ever done any counseling or anything?
Oh, fuck no.
Aaron and I are going to marriage camp.
Have you guys done marriage camp?
Marriage camp, really?
I don't know, but I've been told
your sister's pussy is mighty cold.
Marriage camp.
Wow, what's that like?
Well, it's not an actual camp.
Harmon, get over the goddamn obstacle.
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Pile!
Greg, will you...
I might make you a rifleman in my beloved corps.
Greg, will you be...
Jeff, look what time it is!
That was never done.
Put the lunch wagon
in front of the cockpit.
Lunch wagon.
Greg, we were talking about
the major league earlier.
Dana, I want to hear what you're saying about marriage counseling,
but I don't know what you're saying.
Well, here we go.
Damn it, damn it!
These grotesque fucking cartoon shows
for the goddamn cartoon network.
You pay attention to your wife more
and have more fucking harmony at home.
And goddamn it, stop it.
I'm about as proud of you
as I've ever been in a couple of her talk to me.
The manager of the major league, everybody.
Well, here it is.
Stop peep-hessing around,
telling stories about how you fucked your priest
when you were five years old and shit.
It's not the kind of thing a marriage is built on.
I thought the third season of community
was a little trite.
That's fighting word.
Season four, it's open season on.
Because my dad is a minister
and performs a lot of marriages.
He requires...
And he's not Catholic, but he requires couples
to go through a camp, a quote-unquote camp.
How long has this been true of him?
Since the beginning.
And it's like five sessions.
Have you guys done more than one?
We...
Well, this isn't at the behest of her dad.
You're making it sound like we're doing this...
No, I mean, I always grew up thinking
that that was...
Standard.
You talked to my dad.
We had a couple of breakout sessions.
That was all.
Thank you.
One person in the whole fucking crowd.
Then we had a small meeting and then a confab.
And then a breakfast, then we blue-skied for a while.
That was all.
Thank you.
Two people in the fucking room, really?
Fuck you.
Easy action.
Sorry.
I'm having a mediator.
I know Dan talked about it at length in the last episode.
But it's been awesome.
How many sessions have you guys been to?
Only technically one. We did a consultation.
No more sessions since the last...
Is there an obstacle course or what?
Yeah, there's a...
There's this hall of mirrors.
And Dan has to tell me whether or not I look good.
And...
There's just a series of genes that you
repeatedly ask me if you look fatted.
And then there are all these...
No, yes, yes, no, no.
There are these Chris Evans cutouts.
And I have to just look at Dan.
In the hall of mirrors,
you have to be like, which mirror do I look best in?
And he has to point to you.
That's not any of the mirrors.
This one.
There's a bed where there's just a mannequin
that comes to the door with pizza
and we have to argue
about who's going to go down
and get it.
That's the big...
That's what we fight about.
Yeah.
It's like soon as there's a doorbell,
I take my pants off.
Because I'm like, oh, you have to go down.
That's our test too.
We do that too.
I take my pants off before the...
Do you really?
I do.
I do that too, but I live alone.
And you just like
answering the door in your pants.
Ding dong, zip.
Jeff does it when our pizza guy comes over
inside the window.
He's just in the garden taking his pants off.
He just watches us eat.
He loves it.
Yeah, it's amazing.
It's...
All the fights that we have
where we get drunk
and we say mean things to each other
and we're bad people
and we have to apologize in the morning,
but I think the ugliest...
The ugliest part
of us is when the fucking guy comes
out of the food.
We just lay there
and try to out baby each other.
I put my pajamas on.
The person who goes down to the door
may as well be Joan of Arc.
They're a fucking murder.
Once you're like, oh, oh, go.
Yeah, oh yeah.
How's the Pad Thai tasting? Is it good?
It was salted with my sweat.
Yeah, I think I just sort of decided
I'll just get the door.
I've made that decision and now it's way easier.
I'll be the one who always goes
and it's just...
Let me ask you something, Kamal.
Do you take the garbage out as well?
Yeah.
I think you'll find that you do.
There's a certain tasks that are assigned...
Wait, what's going on? What do you know?
I'm just giving her an inch.
I don't think this is going to go wrong, right?
No, I'm saying this is the natural state of things.
I'm not being sexist
or horrible in any way.
I'm saying that you'll find
you'll take the garbage out
unless you're not there.
She actually does...
I mean, she does way more around the house.
We're children.
We've been infantilized.
Oh, our job is to be funny
on occasion, not with this crowd,
but in front of other folks
every 15 to 30 seconds.
We laugh, turn, whatnot.
Yeah, well, it's...
Okay, for us, she's...
Just edit
any response I've had.
No, for us,
the one thing we fight about is
other than who's going to the door
is the balance of work and family.
That's the fight we have all the time.
What does that mean? Family meaning the two of you?
Yeah, the two of us and the house.
No, not... We don't give a shit.
Fuck your families.
That's people.
No, I've been screening
their calls for a while.
Balance with them?
Yeah, no, yeah, balance of...
Because she's sort of...
She's in the same line of work
like she's a writer and producer.
So we both sort of work from home
and it can happen that you could just...
Because we work together too, so it's hard sometimes
your relationship...
You don't want it to become just a work relationship.
So we really have rules like
you can't talk about work unless you say
because we do a bunch of stuff together
and that has really, really helped
us sort of negotiate that a lot.
Because sometimes...
If you're talking about work, sometimes
you can get into a fight
because you're in the middle of being married
and also being a co-worker with someone.
You can get into fights that you wouldn't get into
if you were in either of those camps.
So that was
one thing that we had to sort of figure out
and I think that's been good.
You mean like, did you call so and so?
Oh, that's my
fucking job now!
I'm trying to eat a hard boiled egg!
I'm allergic to eggs
but the rest of it's pretty accurate.
Oh, you're allergic to eggs!
Then why didn't you tell me that before I made two?
Honey, if you were paying attention for the last
seven years...
Why don't you eat your fucking yogurt
and just sit in the fucking corner, alright?
You shouldn't have to try to eat a hard boiled egg.
Yeah, you should have that down by now.
So are we going to open this fifth bottle of wine
or what?
Right?
I thought you were...
I was immediately like, oh yeah, we are out of vodka.
Are we really?
Yeah, I know, it's a record we sent you.
We've never run out of vodka.
Yeah, we're out of vodka really.
Camille, your wife is a family,
not practicing right now,
but is a licensed family therapist.
I've thought about...
I think about you guys a lot.
Right.
No, she is.
How does that affect your relationship
in that way?
Because she can say, well...
Jacoby...
Nickelmide.
Is that a real person?
Yes.
No, no, no.
Well, here's what...
My dad's a psychiatrist too,
so we sort of both know...
What she'll do is she'll call me
on my little bullshit tricks,
and being with her, I've understood myself
way more than I ever did.
So she'll be like, alright, you're angry,
but you're not angry at this,
what are you really angry at?
And I'm like, that's true, because for me,
it's like something is going on,
and then I just do a magic eight ball
wheel, like alright,
I'm angry at the cat now.
There will be times
where I was like one time,
she came home and I was just in my underwear
looking for this, I was like,
I can't find my Bruce Springsteen t-shirt.
And she was like, okay,
I have a seat, turn on the air conditioner,
you're sweating, this isn't
about Bruce Springsteen, is it?
And it wasn't,
I was anxious about
a job I was starting,
so that's what...
She's helped me
realize, like, focus
on the thing that
I'm actually feeling,
you have a Bruce Springsteen t-shirt?
I'm a massive Bruce Springsteen fan.
Are you really?
Oh, now they're here.
Hurray for you,
I didn't know the whole crowd was for
fucking T-neck tonight.
Nice, T-neck.
I got married right by T-neck.
Which exit? Good night, everybody.
Oh, to go back to what you were saying, Spencer.
Oh!
That was a Mike Slam.
But like a very gentle one.
This is a little tied to what you were saying.
By the way, I did a Chris Rock mic drop
at this convention in Florida,
where I did a big mic broke.
But it was broken already.
That complicates the story, I was holding it,
it was in two pieces already,
and then I did a bit where I was like,
and then it fell apart, and then the engineers were like,
and I was like, I'll buy you a mic.
And that made them love me.
I've never been famous enough
to wear a mic drop, but I do do this
all the time.
Soft.
That's like a catch and release of mic drops.
When I was getting married,
there was a big story in T-neck.
There was a guy who worked
at a funeral home, guess what he was doing?
I'll tell you, fucking dead old ladies.
Like women in their 80s.
And I saw a picture, he was 28
and very handsome.
You're just into what you're into, man.
I like to think that maybe he was so good at sex
that it was like going to the hardest difficulty setting
in a video game.
It's like playing basketball
with weights on your ankles.
What if it was a corpse?
Fuck, I can come in any situation.
I can make her come.
That is marriage counseling.
You know what I'm saying?
Not only is she old, she's dead.
She died of being old.
And I fucked her.
I fucked her back to life.
We've all been there.
What do you think, Spencer?
Flies in the face of your profiling?
Yeah, I'm really turning a new page in my book.
About fucking old ladies.
There was a guy digging up old ladies
and fucking the...
He didn't have to dig them up.
He got the right job further.
He was like, you know, going right to the fucking...
Was it only old ladies
or was it the fact that there were only old ladies
currently in the funeral home?
I just know that the three...
If a young lady died, he'd be like,
Fucking it!
It's Christmas!
If you're that curvy, I think anything at that point.
I think...
That's so awful.
They were both in their 80s, the women that they...
And they obviously didn't say the names of the ladies,
but the family probably read it like,
Wait, that's how old Nana was.
That's the funeral home we used.
Survived by two cousins in Saacakis.
How did he get...
Did someone walk in on him?
Yeah, that's my question.
I think...
How do you get caught when you work
in a funeral parlor and you just
like to fuck dead people?
That seems like the perfect little biosphere.
Yeah, then you just embalm them
and that's like all the evidence is sealed up in there.
Yeah, uh-oh.
I don't...
Wait, in your head...
In my head, he was pulling out for some reason.
Just like, we can't picture
Spencer without a beard.
You're just like, well, that's how sex acts.
Oh, my God.
I feel so bad about Ruma Klanahan now.
She's so cute.
Oh, God, I was going to say something horrible.
You've already said a bunch of horrible shit.
I mean, how do you quantify that crime?
Like, Dan, if I died
and you found out, because obviously
the embalmers would rape me.
She's so proud of herself.
No, I'm not. No, I am not.
But like, because like,
you know, my body is dead,
what do you...
Like, what do you want to do to that?
Like, what do you do?
What do you mean?
Are you asking him to fuck you when you're dead?
It really felt like that's where this was going.
I'm imagining finding out
that like, my aunt was
raped after she was
dead.
I don't...
I don't know how to place those feelings
because she's not there.
And he is disrespectful.
Like, what is the punishment for that crime?
He dies and then he's raped,
but he never feels it. I mean, like, what is the...
Wait, are you on the side of the guy who's doing that?
No, no!
No, she's just asking, how do you...
No, I'm like, how do you... what is the...
Are you saying it's just like at that point,
are you asking if Dan would become Batman
and avenge you somewhere?
No, I think she's asking, is there really a crime?
Because it's just like a piece of furniture now, so...
No, I'm not saying is there really...
I mean, I'm asking an inappropriate show.
If you can fuck a cow, it's a show.
What I'm saying is like, I don't even know...
I mean, what do you even...
You're saying it's a victimless crime?
No!
Well, it kind of is. I mean, it technically is.
It depends on your religion, if it's a victim...
How victimless it is.
I wonder if there's another topic besides
necrophilia.
I can't believe we got to 105 episodes
without talking about necrophilia.
What's funny is I was going to say
qualified, non-consensual necrophilia,
but I guess all of it is.
Well, then you might have
like a special clause in your will.
Yeah.
I think the victims of the...
the families when they read in the paper
that a guy got caught fucking old ladies...
Well, you know...
There should be a punishment, but I mean,
what is the punishment?
I think he's in jail.
What category do you put it in though?
Because...
I think what you do is if a guy gets caught,
let's say, fucking women
in the funeral home.
What you do is you kill his grandma
and you fuck her right in front of him.
That's it.
I mean, that's the answer I was looking for.
I mean, that's the search
for brainstorming sessions.
I'm just spitballing her, you guys.
No wrong answers. Let the punishment
be the crime, is what I'm saying.
Well, this is funny, oh God. This is not funny.
What I'm going to say is not funny,
but there was
a serial killer in Pakistan
who...
who's going around
killing, like, this is a bummer of a story.
He was
killing little, like, poor kids
and dissolving them in acid. This is what he was doing.
I'm definitely going to listen to this podcast.
This is one of the ones that makes the cut.
I was going to say, finally we make the cut.
I'm going to listen to this one.
And he was like, listen, I've killed, like, 60 some kids.
I want to get to 100. Stop me.
And the cops literally, like, laughed and kicked him out.
Then he finally got to 100.
He was like, ah, I actually did do it.
I did it. I killed 100.
I told you I was going to, and then I did.
And the official punishment,
because he dissolved 100 kids in acid,
was this was what
the court said, kill him,
cut his body into 100 pieces,
and then dissolve him in acid.
A slam jump. Yeah, that's a pack of slam.
Pack of slam.
You've been pack of slammed.
Pack of snaps. Pack of snap.
This week on Pack of Slammed,
this guy thought he could get away with killing 100 children.
What he doesn't know is that
after he's dead, his body
will be 100 tiny pieces
of him.
Penny White experiences some new sensations
on a new hot in Cleveland.
I'm going to go home
and Google how we treat
our dad and somebody
in different weird ways.
It's a huge thing.
It's like, yeah, what is our relationship
with?
They say that
Cro-Magnon,
which is what we are. We're Cro-Magnon, right?
As opposed to Neanderthals,
who we kind of out-hunted
to extinction, although some people believe
that we interbred with them.
Neanderthals, in spite of being
a little dumber in different ways,
they couldn't
invent ranged weapons
which we used to just hunt them to extinction,
but that they
buried their dead
and they buried them with
trinkets and stuff, which Cro-Magnons
didn't do. We are descended
from more atheistic animals
than the brutes
that we hunted,
we elbowed out of
existence
by being smart.
I don't know how to process that.
I just want to fuck a dead old lady.
Well, I think,
you know how I feel about religion and all,
but I think the ritual
of someone dying in the way you treat them
is, you know, that's how you sort of
say goodbye to them and that's how you process
your feelings of, you know, that this person is dead.
I feel like, I don't know, in our culture
especially, we don't really know how to
do that. When my mom
died in our house,
she was dying and she died in our house
in, like, the den
and we just turned the lights off
and waited for the
for the
the
corner?
We waited for the corner and just went in the other room
and watched Muppet Treasure Island.
That's one way to
do it.
No wrong answers.
That's actually what the Quran says.
No, that's the Muppets Take Man Head.
No, you have to watch a Tim Curry
movie according to the Quran.
It has to be the worst
witch or it has to be the Muppet Treasure Island.
We stood around her
for a while and then we're like, oh,
I
don't know what else to do
and we just turned off. She died in the den.
She died in the den.
It's like,
how long has it been since you guys seen Muppet Treasure Island?
And so there's
a corpse in the other room?
It's a mom.
Not a corpse.
That's another thing.
Our relationship with death has changed.
It changed in modern society.
I mean, it wasn't a cool night.
It wasn't like, listen,
tonight, bit of A, bit of B.
You're the reason they call them.
She died.
We were all like, and now,
and we all kind of like spread.
How old were you? 17.
And you sort of knew that she was
Yeah, she was dying.
It wasn't a sudden thing.
She was in the hospital.
She had a bed set up in the den.
It wasn't upstairs because she couldn't go
up and down the stairs. She was dying of ovarian cancer.
She died in the den.
We all kind of knew the day it was happening.
It happened.
And then we were all like, and
like we had this grieving period
that was very intense
and then we were all like, and now
you have homework
and I have, I mean, it was
it was a casual
like I watched Muppet Treasure Island
for a reason.
I loved it. It was very comforting.
Yeah, I mean, it's interesting. I guess
when that happens, like how do you
process it and when you go back to like
normal life and there is something to be said
or I think part of the reason that there is so much
ritual to it is that it gives you stuff to do
after this horrible
thing has happened. Now you have like
preparations to make and you have to set up
a funeral home and all that stuff.
It felt very inappropriate when the doorbell rang
and Tim Curry
is singing
Cabin Fever and I'm
fuck, I have to pause it.
She's here.
She's right there.
Oh my god, that's, I mean, that's
the amazing thing about
death is that it's, it
intermingles with life and like we don't, we
do everything we can to not make it feel like that
but when you talk to people who have had
real experiences with
real encounters with death,
of course part of the story is going to be
the seemingly profane
absurdly
braided experience of
then I ordered a pizza
and then a friend came over and we played
Yahtzee or whatever.
I saw that, remember
that Penn Gillette had that show
on Showtime and I don't know.
They were, they were, they were in a funeral
industry in one episode
and I was interested to learn
from that show if that show is credible
that we,
the reason they're called funeral parlors
is because what we now call
living rooms, we specifically
made a decision, Good Housekeeping
Magazine they cite as the,
they made a sort of
deliberate decision the way
Hearst Newspapers decided
to go after hemp, like
we made a decision to go after
death and that Good
Housekeeping Magazine suddenly announced
at a certain point during a certain year
this is now called the living room because
your house isn't for dead people, you don't
want dead people in your house because before
that you had a parlor and part of the parlor's
function was that your relatives
died and you, that's where they
stayed and everyone came over
and paid their respects and took photos
and hung out and took photographs with them
and what not and played parlor games
like charades. What about ice cream parlors?
Uh, that
great question
Are you Rain Man?
Yeah, Kmart sucks.
It's like a child walking to the room
What about
ice cream parlors?
We had, we had funeral,
we had funeral parlors, we had ice cream parlors
He's mad, he's mad! They took the ice cream
out of our living room
Yeah, when you got ice cream you would
you would sit in a room for two days
I gotta go to somewhere else
to eat my ice cream
bullshit
But yeah, I want to eat my ice cream
in my living room with my dead nanny
nanna and watch fucking
Muppet Treasure, I look like a fucking human being
It's strange that we do such
unnatural things too
America
has spearheaded these strange relationships
with titties and dead people
like like like
you go to Italy, you turn on a TV
and there would be one tittie
in a fucking commercial for
yogurt
They have like a one tittie rule
in Europe
I'm turning to Greg because he's
cosmopolitan
I
breast don't kill people in Europe
America's relationship with boobs
with nudity and death
When I was
in Paris, I went underground and they had those catacombs
I was like, I was amazed
I was walking for what seemed like miles
of fucking ice cream
They had dug the material
to build the city out of these tunnels
and then put their dead down there
and it was like, oh shit
there's nothing like this under New York
there's nothing
We don't like death
We don't like boobs
There's one like order
like a monk or they're called the cappuccino
I think, have you been there?
You go into the basement and all their dead
priests they use to decorate
their place so they've made like these wonderful
like amazing
like you know so it would be just like a bunch of skulls
there but like these awesome designs
that looks like wings and stuff
and it feels like to me
it's a lot healthier way of dealing with death
but if I like looking at it
Of course, dealing with it
When they go to those places and you're up there
called an ossuary, I remember going to one with my wife
That's right, an ossuary
And in skulls they had written
etche mort which means look at death
and it's just a wall of fucking skulls
It's wildly morbid
It could have just said
Snickers is packed with peanuts
because you would be looking at death
while they could have worked some
fine fucks this in the ice cream parlour
Now we're real uncomfortable
I'm mad about ice cream parlours, I don't know why
America is a very young country
it doesn't want to believe
in death, it doesn't want to believe
in sex either, it doesn't want to believe
it wants to believe in violence
we love violence
but we don't understand
fucking and dying yet
You know, I'm just fine
I'm not a
happy 4th of July
Happy birthday, Murph
I don't know if we all believe in death
but I do believe in dungeons and dragons
Let's get it on
That was so
God, give me a better cue
than
when we last time on Harmontown
Our heroes had barely
escaped from paradise with their lives
and after robbing a gnomish bar
and fighting off the local gang
the cactus bunch
the party set fire to the bar and exited
Quark, noticing the fire
spreading, went to warn the locals
and alerted a gnomed barber
who got in an argument with the barbarian
before scuttling off
Afraid of legal backlash, our heroes
tried to escape the city
but found woven barriers blocking any egress
Sharpie burnt a hole in the woven wall
and with some of Christopher's acid
they tore their way through
and into the cold tundra
outside
there they found themselves completely lost
with only a burning sack laying in the ice
that is until a Yeti
came upon the gang
ignoring Quark's friendliness
he threw a net on the gang
but would they appreciate being in a net?
was the Yeti gonna eat them?
would Bill Mardigan simply burn
to death and everyone in it
find out on an all-new Harmontown
yeah we escaped the city
by burning our way through the wall
after burning everything
then we're in a tundra
a Yeti came up through a net over us
I don't know why I'm repeating that
well, for Greg, right?
we were at a wonderful place
everyone was nice to us, we burned everything
and now we're...
we've become just sociopaths
that's the game now
in the last two episodes, I wasn't really myself
and I really wanted that baby
do we have the robot golem baby?
oh, you guys got it
but it doesn't have the life thing in it, right?
Greg, we're in possession of a small robotic golem baby
that needs a certain disc to make it operable
absolutely enchanting
enchanting
so you guys, you're in the middle of this cold
you know, frozen wasteland
sort of situation
you're underneath a big Yeti net
and there's a big Yeti, he's looking at you guys
he takes a few steps back
after seeing you guys in the net
and he grunts
and he raises the hands like this
raise the roof
he's raising the roof?
he's doing that
but that doesn't exist in Dean
I admit it, I emulate it
you're into it, you guys are just doing that
I do it too
I go, we're your friends
we're your friends
I go, whoop whoop
those things all happen
just kind of like a weird miming thing going on
no communication is really happening
can I make eye contact with him?
Yeti
yeah, go ahead
what's happening?
ah
it's
who do
move
do I speak this language?
is he stuttering?
is he having a stroke?
or is this a language?
it's a language you don't understand
he's speaking backwards, I think
say it again
it's
stuff
he's saying
futzty
but the blinding snow and driving wind
give way to the sound of hoof prints
I mean, hoof sounds
what's the
whoo
oh my gosh
yee
oh my god
is that
I think it's
it's Tylenol with coating
once again
by the infinitesimal genitalia of Justin Bieber
I have arrived at
at a moment most propitious
oh fell Yeti
taste my vengeance upon thee
as I allow
as I
one, I detect evil
and two
I do something else that's poorly spelled
is it Tylenol with coating?
yeah
his eye
he who is both female and male
immortal and mortal
horse and man
part you and part human
Richard Simmons?
like Suarez
I will bite you if you're Italian
what is this Yeti I see before me?
is this a Bigfoot in white garb?
it definitely is
you use your magical
evil sensing horn
to see if it's evil
and you detect no evil in its heart
oh
indeed
my horn is fallible
sometimes my horn misdiagnoses
like Dick Van Dyke on the show
wow
you gotta update your references Tylenol with coating
a pile of shit thou Edith
my references will remain eternal
you speak them with such confidence
there's no need to update
ta ever so
that has always been my favorite in secret
there is no evil in this Yeti
and let me whisk you away
all upon you
jump upon my back and we shall fly
like a duck's ass sliding down an icy hill backwards
we're in a net
but before we go
the Yeti has hidden treasure
that has not been spoken of
for Yetis are known to keep up on their person
and in a case about them
much much much riches
I brandish my cutlass
and I slice through the net
you slice into the net
but it's made out of steel
the net bounces off
Tylenol with coating do you know this Yeti
or is this a new Yeti to you
indeed
all Yetis are but one and the same
if thou hast met one
thou hast met them all
racist
that sounds very racist
I am eternal
these are truths that I speak
not bromides and platitudes, saws
and well-worn tropes
these are but things from experience
plucket I have from my passage
to past
I don't know if that answered my question
indeed
thou hast much treasure dost thou not Yeti
keeping in thy case that thou keeps behind thee
it grunts at you
and you can understand what it's saying
of course I can my father thought
says it on page two
it says my chest is back at my house
fuck all day and fuck my luck
many riches were I to grab this day
but it seems that the Yeti has none upon him
how so any credit cards
what's a credit card
Jesus ain't you fucking hillbilly
can you get the Yeti to remove the net
let us out of the net
and ask him what's happening
indeed
Yeti free my friends would sell
for thou's is listening to thine equine master
he says oh these guys are your friends
I thought they were just animals
so let me let me get that for you
racist racist
they are but comedians who live in Los Angeles
animals thou art not
but with William Morris endeavor dost thou sign
I wish
or other smaller agencies that are more boutique
the endeavors
the endeavors and the APAs
and the cause
or the UTAs
and many ways out there
so
please spread it thine
Yeti
he does so
he removes the net
a solid thou's would do me
he puts it away
sorry about that
he says
do we understand him
we don't understand him
no
I understand him
he has wished us most apologies
now let us away
to our next adventure
cocoa I have made
in a cavern nearby
oh
okay
I've taken me before the Yeti
and
like kind of
indicate my
subservience
yeah
my yeah
are you swearing fealty to the Yeti
yeah
he removed the net right
so I'm like
I kneel before him
yeah
like a strong
but servile
man
okay
and I go
and I just gesture to him
because I know he can't speak
English
and I go
I give him a thumbs up
because we watch that Roger Ebert
yeah
so sad he keeps giving
everything a thumbs up
well he does
he really did at the end
he was very forgiving
to a lot of terrible movies
yeah
right at the end
right at the end he's like
monster house is great
Tylenol with coding
how is
how is cocoa
I haven't seen her in a while
she is most delicious
and chocolatey most
let us away
and let our feet break wind
as we travel across this
Pampas
I ask
Tylenol with coding
oh Genome to see
to whose face I have sat upon
in the past
he remembers
oh most tranquil Genome
my thighs have sought
analgesia on my nose
he never forgets a face
yep
never forgets a feeling
now once he sat on it
Tylenol
can you ask us yet
if we need
a place
or maybe you know
we need a place
to get out of this cold
well he's got a cavern
with cocoa
he does
A to the fucking
some I ask
most of the Bigfoot
Bigfoot slang speakers die
that felt very racist
raised on the streets where I
cracked an ice smoker
with the Yeti and his
Bigfoot friends
he actually gets a
he's like the John Mayer
of
he gets to use the Y word
and everything
like John Mayer am I
he's got without the bag
of douche
he's got a Yeti pass
indeed thou Yeti pass
I have bought
indeed
let's go to the cavern
to the cavern with cocoa
well I hop on
I hop on Tylenol's back
and grab a handful
of Maine
you do that
thine thighs are so strong
gnome
I have misty
upon my hunches
if I can
I'm gonna snow ski
behind Tylenol and Cody
is there room for me
on there or my
crock block
indeed
a room for
allest
most small foul man
everybody hop aboard
Cody
rigging off and on there
but you're
snow skiing
yeah I'm snow skiing
behind
also a cool hat
possesseth I
cool hat
it says so on the
goddamn paper
jumpeth in
it really does say
cool hat
to the honeycomb hideout
the honeycomb kids are there
I get a
so together you
ride off and you
ride towards
what you couldn't
even see before
but once you get
upon it it's like
a little white smear
on a bare white smear
and it's a
ice cavern
it just goes
in just a ways
to get out
of the
the wind and the snow
sounds like a biopsy
it's kind of like
a biopsy
but in the snow
it's just
some sort of
ice cavern
and you guys
get there
sink of the shelter
from the
the sleet and hail
in this cavern
most warm
albeit shallow
I spur
Tylenol on
into the
the cavern
the interior
of this cavern
is not
commodious
thus will find
that my four haunches
are most
snow
piferous
and other
shit I made up
would sound like some
cocoa
it has the marshmallows
in it the kind that
float upon the top
most pleasingly
yeah I'll love some
thank you
would sound like
toast with cinnamon on it
yeah
for magic powers
have I
an amulet
of shadow
whirling
I'll just take
the cinnamon toast
okay
who would like
a strawberry
pop tart
ooh
can I
can I trade my
cinnamon toast
for the strawberry pop
toast
I'm so fucking
literally bro
hey
I don't want the
crust though
because that shit
nasty
I put butter
upon the
cinnamon pop
tart to make it
extra good
do you have
pickles
dude
are you
pregnant
I have
to see if it does
not crunch as most
I try the pickle
game master
I check in
emotionally with cocoa
she's kind of distant
who wouldn't be
in a shallow ice cave
who's
who's cocoa
that's a
Mulraine's horse
of course yes
should there be a
voice to cocoa
I mean there doesn't
need to be
I mean
she's not there
she doesn't speak right
I mean
I've heard
I've heard her speak
you know
is this cocoa with us
or no
yeah she's here
she usually is
cocoa
I present a carrot
cocoa baby
much vitamin A
has transferred this
evening
I feel like
I kind of
abandoned you
a while ago
I mean you're a horse
you're hard to take with
and I know a lot of
stuff has happened to you
uh-huh
cocoa does seem
emotionally distant
by the blister genitalia
of Miley Cyrus
this dog bogged down
speaketh not to
thine horse
for I am a unicorn
and more than horse
am I
for horn do I have
in my head
oh don't be jealous
that's not a competition
just because
you're kind of horsey
settle thine shit down
oh sprog
I examine the cavern
it's very shallow
it's pretty nondescript
other than like
what looks like a small
burnt out
a throw rug have I bought
from bed, bathroom
and beyond
so Tylenol
you just
you live here
I don't live
I crib
and then other times
I you know
I crib with other people
I get around town
do you know
the neighborhood well
like where are we
do I fuck
Jesus
home style is this to me
although the winner
is most foul and pestilent
much snow
and abrasive
ice crystals
formeth about us
I make a terrible pun
and I go
I mean I've heard the phrase
man cave but
and everyone looks at me
horribly and then
I retreat back into
my cup of cocoa
now has nothing
to be ashamed of
lead us out of here
I will
onto the furtive plain
and then onto the fruitful area
where the purple caverns
do beckon us
full of riches
and stew
made of rabbits
and other things
that thou likeest
Tylenol or coding
what have you been up to
I'm high
a good deal of the time
we haven't seen you
in a long time
and now you're very
set on this goal
just tell us
about your travels
oh many travels have I
Omaha
Omaha of Nebraska
have I been to
and found that the white people
were fat most
fanny packs and crocs
did they wear
in public
and no sport coat upon thee
and then other times
have I gone to Missouri
and found that the people
ate pork rinds
unashamedly
and listened to country music
as if it was for everyone
and not just the white
lady at a bellum
have I heard
and much barf
have I spewed
oh my travels
to Paris
I have been
and under the catacombs
did I go
oh
and there did I see
those who were dead
and the ossuary
there in lie
and yet
comeeth back to this land
I have
because treasured most
isn't B
take us to this treasure
Tylenol with coding
fucking A will I
these purple caverns there
I want to go
I like the sound
of these purple caverns
the caverns are not only
purple
they're also violet
and other shades of vermilion
what sort of treasures
lay within
the kind that will knock
the socks off of thee
should thou swear a socks
plentiful and plenitude
shall you see
the shining treasures
that lie beneath me
let's all have a board
Tylenol and be whisked away
to the purple caverns
of the treasure
thou dost even have
to jump upon my back
for here we are
transported I
what
you transported us
yeah
I have an amulet of
shadow whirling
and I have streamers
is that like herpes
is that like a new word for herpes
he's reclaiming herpes
streamers
are you going to decorate
a prom
many proms have I decorated
so wait
do you want to activate
the amulet
or do you want to travel
to the purple canyon
wish do I travel
is the yeti with us
no no
he didn't come with you
he made your bummer
as he and leave it behind
shall we have
that's the most confused yeti
in the history of yeti dim
much like
I mount cogo
and take her with us
alright
what's thou mount cogo
in front of me
with video rolling
so you depart
you head towards
the purple canyons
you're pretty deep
into this icy
tundra wasteland
so the journey
takes several weeks
but alas
you find yourself
at the purple mountain
the range
where the purple caverns
are said to be found
weeks have gone by
oh yeah
what did we do
for these weeks
travel
peanuts
and other games
like cribbage
an old maid
a priest has asked me
to sit upon his lap
and whiskey
has he asked me to drink
and yet I have
refused him twice
upon trips to the toilet
Tylenol
we're here at the purple canyons
and the purple canyons
doth yawn before they
dost thou not see
the riches lay within
and the golden light
that doth beam above thee
do the treasures
just lay there for us
to pick them
like fruit hanging from a tree
indeed thou art
most broke
and of thine
horrible plight
I have heard
in my immortal world
thou hast been
burning villages to the ground
like sociopaths
weeks past
riches I would
transport to thee
so that thou may have
a couple of fucking
nickels to rub together
as this journey
I don't see any
treasures here though
where do we have to get
there are none so blond
gnome
as those who will not
open thine
don't get fucking weird
Tylenol
for fucking
six weeks
we were fucking
riding around
with snow
and you're fucking
so high
I've been hearing
the same song
over and over again
I've heard
you keep repeating
these stories
I don't even know
to believe you anymore
man
like it's
I got saddle sores
like you fucking
never seen
an option thou has
better than I
show me these treasures
motherfucker
stare forward to gnome
you keep fucking
talking about
these treasures
with thine
jaundiced eye
Jesus Christ
stare forward into the
abyss
and see
what thou
cannot know
I'm looking at
a canyon
does no one have
a fucking
flashlight in this crew
I let a torch
you light a torch
and you can see
inside the opening
of this purple cavern
there's
three or four
I'd say
four gemstones
of various colors
just kind of
seated upon the floor
I ride towards
the biggest one
dude, these aren't
worth anything
no is nothing
thine
for these gemstones
are valuable most
in a way
thou canst understand
well then
why would you
want us to have them
if we can't
understand
thine man
cannot wrap around
at this moment
but moments hence
thou'st will be
in most possession
of understanding
crew
a stick
stickbug boys
or whatever
this is like taking
a van
full of retards
to knots very far
gentlemen
no patience
nobody knows
what you're talking about man
what the fuck
what is knots very far
but what is
the R word
you said
is that a new
form of orc
yeah
wait, how is that
I'm high-roading
yeah, we're high-roading
I appraise the gems
as you guys
approach the gems
they seem to shift
before your eyes
and mutate
and they
get bigger and grow
into strange
grotesque
insectoid forms
fuck, great
tylenall you son of a bitch
hey
this is a treasure
fuck is doused
does that make sense to you
for a moment
I lend
Chris de Burgh's ear
what is
what is going on
what are we
or what are we
I'm over here
I don't know
I feel like it's our fault
for following this guy
by the way
that cocoa was just
a bunch of mud and water
that's what Swiss missed
I was being polite
cocoa
this guy got us out of
a yeti net
alright
he got us out of a yeti net
hooray
we didn't try other means
we couldn't get out of it
hey, I have a great plan
we burned down the purple cavern
jack and apes
I go to our coco
I say cocoa
I don't know if you've noticed
but these treasures you're talking about
these gems
that you were so smug
about a moment ago
not cocoa
I'm sorry
you're allowed to talk to her
I meant tylenall
tylenall's coding
jack
these gems turned into
giant insectoid creatures
this is the treasure
you told us about
thou hast not seen
the intrinsic value
hair in
show me the value
of this
I have
of
hair
so high
what are the bugs doing
yeah
what do they do spend
they're slowly menacing
towards you
clacking their dangerous limbs
menacing is a verb
it is now
well, yeah
yeah, menacing's a verb
what happened to my magic powers
they're
they're eviling towards us
menacing actually is a verb
well, it's a gerund
they're a menacing base
you can menace someone
I mean, I'm not saying I did it right
but it's definitely
what happened to my magical powers
I brought them for jewels
and all of a sudden
there's menacing
yeah, yeah
tylenall's
they're not evil
they're not
alright, everybody
chill-a-fed takers
why don't you do an evil
the way you read their heart
and see if there's any good
or evil in their heart
detect evil on them
excellent idea
I shall take the under advisement
try to thwart what you like
click click click
clock clock clock clock
they don't seem evil
they just seem kind of like empty
like robots or dolls
or something
hmm, disappointing this
like a 70s TV show
what are you talking about?
much value
thought I had these insect droids
let's talk more rock, motherfucker
I use my amulet of spring
arnulet?
can't
yeah, it's an amulet
he really got him
can shoot thorny vines
20 feet to protect or ensnare enemies
I choose not to protect them
I would like to ensnare them
ensnare them
they're not evil
you found that out?
yeah, he said they're not evil
sorry, I'm drunk
they don't have evil hearts
like, you know, ovens aren't evil
but if you stick your head in it
it'll tell you
a bobcat isn't evil
but it'll eat your children
on a camping trip
the dingos that took that lady's baby
he's like
they weren't snagly whiplash
they were like, I want to eat a baby
I'm a dingo
you're right
let's set them on fire
ruined your life
many mundane points do you mortals make
I sense motive on these
insect-wise gen-
it has no motive
they're just evil
I'm about to fucking take a sword to these fuckers
and see if there's any gold inside them
you can't, you can't detect any motives
I take my sword and I cut you
fucking just smash one in the face
oh, Jesus
you smash one in the face
it's
dealing
19 damage, it shatters
it shatters into crystals
can I just keep smashing or am I gonna roll over here
alright
you have a boner, don't you?
nope
keep talking, I'm gonna
you slash into the rest of these guys
but they're not having it
no, it's bouncing off
what do these crystals look like?
they look like crabs
one of them looks like a red crab made of ruby
ah, much crab meat, have we discovered most expensive is
Tylenol, take five, mother fucker
the disappointment anticipated I did not
I wanna do my armulate ensnared move
now that the fighting has started
well, I already rolled that
so the other two are ensnared
oh, nice
their legs are all
I look back for my ensnaring and I'm like
I look over at Mulraine and I'm like
eh?
and I'm like
eh
I have a magic circle that I can do against evil
not evil
who was that?
much Asperger since I
there's a lot of it here
alright, then I have some rope
yeah
I'd like to do some tricks now to distract everyone
from how shit the plot has become
hahahaha
this one's called the triple helix
it's really impressive
you don't even have thumbs or anything
nope
perf sin yet not I do when
is there any value in these ruby crystals
are these worth anything?
yeah, because I won't say if you had said
let's go six weeks
I'll show you some rope tricks
none of us would have come
imagine my disappointment
we were in a Yeti net
alright
this guy's Giuliani
take what you get
we don't give him six weeks of our lives
for getting us out of a fucking
it wasn't six weeks, it was several weeks
I lie on the ground and I open my clothes
so the jewels will crawl in
wait, what?
it was not the first time
they're all entangled
so they can't move good
or well
I safely button up my dress and I stand up
and I just back up
so what about the one that I shattered?
it's all shattered, I mean
can I get the red one?
can I go with the red ruby?
I'm trying to find out what's happening
yeah, okay so you pick up a lot of
sapphire shards
I get a bunch, I get the red one
that's really cool
that one's not dead yet, I mean that's still
in a thing
are there any red shattered ones?
no, there's a red intact crab
hmm
red's my favorite color
so I think we
I think we killed that
we need a cliffhanger, someone to make something happen
I take a shit
quark
I mean, Sharpie
Sharpie, this is neither the time nor the place
did you, it's sandwich sized
where did you get a sandwich?
I just ate one
we did it
thank you for coming to the show
thank you Kumail Nanjiani
Karen McGathey
great poops everybody
I'm Jeff Davis, one more time for the mayor
Dan Harmon
we'll be appearing at GenCon
teaching people how to role play
Spencer Crinton and everybody
X-Files, listen to
or you can also watch it
Kumails X-Files Files
podcast
if you want to learn more
how to play D&D just write
go to our websites
and listen to the Proopcast as well
oh yeah, the smartest man in the world with fake proof is the best podcast out there
thank you all once again
thank you for coming and good night